Teach a cat to love.
Question nothing.
Bring a goat to work.
Buy a bear on the black market.
Watch Mamma Mia religiously.
Convince your family that you're a mute.
Bring a bird into your life.
Insist on being called "The Rock".
Leave a trail of breadcrumbs at your new job so that you don't get lost.
Find the origin of all gophers.
Drive while holding your breath until you see Narnia.
Convince your friends that Nirvana was better after Kurt Cobain.
Question everything, during a funeral.
Scream "I'm sorry!" in the middle of a date for no reason.
Make an app that gives terrible advice.
Admit to your boss that you have a terrible hangover when you don't have one.
Bring up your uncle Roger whenever possible for the next 3 days.
Meditate when faced with a raging hyena.
Save as many pennies as possible for the global copper shortage.
9 times out of 10, they don't need a solution, they want you to listen.
Always announce “Hi, I'm home!”, even if you're alone.
All wasps are jerks.
Admitting you're wrong is easier than pretending you're not.
Don't play dead when meeting a black bear. It will eat you. It's not picky. 
Don't climb a tree to outrun a bear, it's a much better climber than you.
Test if you can raise sunflowers using a flashlight.
Never, ever, respond with just 'k’.
Buy a yacht using student loans.
Do a handstand on a scale to see if you weigh less.
Discover the cure to laziness.
Build your ideal romantic partner out of Lego.
Live in constant self-doubt.
Tell your friends that your favorite comedy is The Revenant.
Use poison ivy to make daisy chains.
Teach a goldfish advanced calculus.
When playing Settlers of Catan, try to be the underdog.
Always bring something when invited to someone's house. Even a bag of chips will do.
Try to be charming. It'll take you far.
You'll never get anything unless you ask.
Sunrise simulating alarm clocks are amazing.
History is written by the victors.
Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again, expecting a different outcome.
When adopting a cat, look for the one with the best temperament.
Know how to cook and clean.
Gardening can be incredibly fulfilling. Start small.
Try yoga or meditation at least once, especially if it seems silly to you.
Break into the housing market by breaking into houses.
All humans are terrible. Squirrels are your new people now.
Become a deity to your local hermit crabs.
Learn to knit so you can make scarves to show your local gangs.
The zoo is a great place to find a pet.
Gamble your life savings on the horses.
Learn the language of a place you never intend to visit.
Become batman.
Tired of bad dates? Become batman.
On the first date, ask if she's a fire breathing dragon.
Find your ideal mate using a glass slipper, or Tinder.
Build a time machine that is stuck in neutral.
Learn html and brag about it at the club.
Avoid using semicolons; they are a symbol of elitism.
Live life dangerously.
Do something permanent.
Ask someone out within 5 minutes of introducing yourself.
See what happens when you say “I love you” to a stranger.
Only sing between 2am and 5am.
Ask how many innings football has to a close friend.
Find a way to make money playing Skyrim.
Find a way to grow a goatee without becoming a terrible person.
Become 1% of the 99%.
Find the meaning of happiness and then hide it in an ancient temple.
Oppose originality.
Run for president.
Play chess against yourself in a public place.
Hire a sports announcer to narrate your life.
Learn the wrong things from your mistakes.
Do a solo flash mob.
Study why the chicken crossed the road.
Lower your expectations… of yourself.
Refuse to smile for the rest of the day.
Aspire to mediocrity.
Find a reason to exist.
Prioritize video game accomplishments over afk accomplishments.
Do stand up comedy in a library.
Play a guitar in a hot tub.
Sometimes you just have to hug it out.
Birds are tiny dinosaurs, so try to be their friend.
When in a pinch, use a french-english dictionary as a thesaurus.
Never let a computer know you're in a rush. It. Will. Slow. Down.
The trick to peeling fruit is confidence. Fruit can sense fear.
When befriending a cat, try tickling it.
A pillow + duct tape can be substituted for an airbag in a pinch.
People like it when you brag about how many push-ups you can do.
When out and about, play-doh can make for a nice snack.
Burn all of your money. It has no golf value.
Read a book backwards.
Whatever you are doing right now: blog about it.
How to get people to follow you: walk with confidence and don't look back.
If something is within walking distance, try actually walking to it.
Always buy toilet paper in bulk.
Gather information on the NSA because that would be ironic.
All empires are built on lies.
Live life for food.
Singing loudly in public makes you more likeable.
Build upon the failure of others.
No, you aren't regenerative like Deadpool.
Don't steal candy from babies. Steal their dreams.
Life is hard… good luck.
Using your phone during class actually increases comprehension.
Read while doing push-ups.  You're not going to get buff, so why waste the time?
Watching TED talks does not make you a better person.
Not every person deserves a smartphone.
Buy winter tires before winter. Actually, buy them whenever they're on sale.
The best thing about hitting rock-bottom is there's nowhere left to go but up.
Having ideas doesn't make you special. Implementing them, that does… maybe.
There is a fine line between the right side of the road, and the left side of the road.
If a tree falls in the middle of the forest and no one hears it, no one cares.
Men should get a haircut about once every six weeks.
Quality over quantity.
Liquidize all assets and buy pokemon cards.
Break into a new industry to guarantee your future.  Example: competitive nursing.
Walk into an airport with a lawnmower.
Most rules are guidelines except the ones that are not.
Treat others how you want to be treated.
Always stand up to shake someone's hand.
Always stand up to shake a cat’s hand.
Try catnip.
Putting a feather in your hair will make you unique and artsy.
When serenading someone, never break eye contact.
Yes, you should be writing more Harry Potter fan fiction.
Eating more ups your metabolism, so eat constantly.
There is a big difference between 10 push-ups a day and 0 push-ups a day.
Become a magician that specializes in making money disappear.
You are the sum of your three closest friends and 2 stray cats.
Learn the correct pronunciation of croissant.  It tends to impress people.
You can tell a lot about a person by talking to them over a period of years.
All babies are dumb.
Naming your kid Dovakhin is definitely a good idea.
We live in a world where comedians are our political news sources. Think about it.
Grumpy Cat’s net worth is in the millions.
A business makes money, an empire creates a legacy.
Buying a cat toy for a dog is sure to cause an identity crisis.
To be a girl's knight in shining armor, you must first dress in shining armor.
FM radio receivers can also be used to contact aliens.
You should start saving for your dream one bedroom apartment now.
Replace your bicycle helmet after every crash. It deforms and is no longer effective.
Research what a carbon footprint is, then try to reduce yours.
Free parking is as good in monopoly as it is in life.
When playing monopoly, stay in jail for as long as you can. The rent there is cheaper.
Eat your vegetables.
Adopt a cat, then return the adopted cat.
Walk in a circle or run in a circle.
Learn about the magic of microwaves.
Start a flame war (not one with actual fire, but one on the internet).
Learn the age old art of carpentry.
Question your existence.
Age gracefully.
Age terribly.
Feel your gum lines receding.
Learn an accent instead of a new language.
The first step in curing a hangover is regretting everything up to that point.
Give people the benefit of the doubt.
Learn to sleep using only one quarter of the bed.
Sit up straight.
Refer to your boy/girlfriend as “your honor” for one day.
In a pinch, WD-40 and duct tape are all that a handyman needs.
Rubber bands are the solution to all of life’s problems.
Decode the true meaning of the number 42.
If you’re not a jedi master by now, you never will be.